Add large dask cluster to config (#260)
ServiceNow/azimuth: docs/docs/reference/configuration/common.md

If cuda is available on your machine, set to `true`, otherwise `false`. Can also be set to "auto"
and let the user-code take care of it.

## Large Dask Cluster

:blue_circle: **Default value**: False

> The memory of the dask cluster is usually 6GB. For bigger models, that might not be enough. It can be set to 12GB, by setting `large_dask_cluster` to `True`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The memory of the dask cluster is usually 6GB. For bigger models (including encoders), that might not be enough. It can be set to 12GB, by setting `large_dask_cluster` to `True`.
```
Is it helpful to add this to help users think about their needs? Or unnecessary specification?

Also not sure if this is helpful or unnecessary:
```suggestion
The memory of the dask cluster is usually 6GB. For bigger models, especially on a CPU, that might not be enough. It can be set to 12GB, by setting `large_dask_cluster` to `True`.
```

Reviewer: I think we should add something indicating the problem that arises that indicates the need for a large dask cluster. I'm not sure how to word it - maybe something like this, but maybe you or @JosephMarinier can improve it?
```suggestion
The memory of the dask cluster is usually 6GB. Bigger models might need more memory to avoid garbage collection errors. It can be set to 12GB, by setting `large_dask_cluster` to `True`.
```

> The memory of the dask cluster is usually 6GB. For bigger models, that might not be enough. It can be set to 12GB, by setting `large_dask_cluster` to `True`.

Author: ```suggestion
The memory of the dask cluster is usually 6GB. If your models are big or if you encounter garbage collection errors,  you can set the memory to 12GB by setting `large_dask_cluster` to `True`.
```
